README.md, before:

# n8n-nodes-etherscan

This is an n8n community node. It lets you use Etherscan contracts in your n8n workflows.

The node allows you to retrieve the ABI for varified contracts, get the solidity Source Code of varified contracts and allows you to to retrieve the contract creator and the Tx Hash.

[n8n](https://n8n.io/) is a [fair-code licensed](https://docs.n8n.io/reference/license/) workflow automation platform.

[Installation](#installation)  
[Operations](#operations)  
[Credentials](#credentials) 
[Compatibility](#compatibility)  
[Usage](#usage)  
[Resources](#resources)  

## Installation

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) in the n8n community nodes documentation.

## Operations

### Retrieve ABI for Varified Contracts ###
Returns the Contract Application Binary Interface ( ABI ) of a verified smart contract. 
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Solidity Source Code for Varified Contract ###
Returns the Solidity source code of a verified smart contract.
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Contract Creator and Creation Tx Hash ###
Returns a contract's deployer address and transaction hash it was created.
This requires up to five addresses.

## Credentials

To use these services an API key is required which requires an account on [Etherscan](etherscan.io).
On the [Etherscan website](etherscan.io) hover over your name and in the dropdown menu select "API Keys".
Here the API Key can be copied. __WARNING__ there is a limit on the amount of queries on the free version.
The allow for more queries per second you should upgrade your account.


## Compatibility

This node has been tested on version 1.7.1 and deemed functional

## Usage

### Retrieve ABI for Varified Contracts ###
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Solidity Source Code for Varified Contract ###
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Contract Creator and Creation Tx Hash ###
This requires at least one address and up to five addresses of contracts.

## Resources

* [n8n community nodes documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/)
* [Etherscan API documatation on contracts](https://docs.etherscan.io/api-endpoints/contracts)

Commit message:

UPDATE: README contains Testing & Logging details

README.md, after:

# n8n-nodes-etherscan

This is an n8n community node. It lets you use Etherscan contracts in your n8n workflows.

The node allows you to retrieve the ABI for varified contracts, get the solidity Source Code of varified contracts and allows you to to retrieve the contract creator and the Tx Hash.

[n8n](https://n8n.io/) is a [fair-code licensed](https://docs.n8n.io/reference/license/) workflow automation platform.

[Installation](#installation)  
[Operations](#operations)  
[Credentials](#credentials) 
[Compatibility](#compatibility)  
[Usage](#usage)  
[Resources](#resources)
[Testing](#testing)  
[Logging](#logging)

## Installation

Follow the [installation guide](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/installation/) in the n8n community nodes documentation.

## Operations

### Retrieve ABI for Varified Contracts 
Returns the Contract Application Binary Interface ( ABI ) of a verified smart contract. 
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Solidity Source Code for Varified Contract 
Returns the Solidity source code of a verified smart contract.
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Contract Creator and Creation Tx Hash 
Returns a contract's deployer address and transaction hash it was created.
This requires up to five addresses.

## Credentials

To use these services an API key is required which requires an account on [Etherscan](etherscan.io).
On the [Etherscan website](etherscan.io) hover over your name and in the dropdown menu select "API Keys".
Here the API Key can be copied. __WARNING__ there is a limit on the amount of queries on the free version.
The allow for more queries per second you should upgrade your account.


## Compatibility

This node has been tested on version 1.7.1 and deemed functional

## Usage

### Retrieve ABI for Varified Contracts 
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Solidity Source Code for Varified Contract 
This requires the address of the contract.

### Get Contract Creator and Creation Tx Hash
This requires at least one address and up to five addresses of contracts.

## Testing
To test the API etherscan has provided verified contract addresses, including:

0xB83c27805aAcA5C7082eB45C868d955Cf04C337F
0x68b3465833fb72A70ecDF485E0e4C7bD8665Fc45
0xe4462eb568E2DFbb5b0cA2D3DbB1A35C9Aa98aad
0xdAC17F958D2ee523a2206206994597C13D831ec7
0xf5b969064b91869fBF676ecAbcCd1c5563F591d0

A full list of verified contracts can be found on Etherscan's [verified contracts page](https://etherscan.io/contractsVerified)

## Logging
If you are hosting n8n yourself the log files can be found in your global instance folder (.n8n folder).

If you would like more extensive logging this has to be done through the config file in your local instance
Full documentation on how to achieve this can be found [here](https://docs.n8n.io/hosting/logging-monitoring/logging/#setup).

## Resources

* [n8n community nodes documentation](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/community-nodes/)
* [Etherscan API documatation on contracts](https://docs.etherscan.io/api-endpoints/contracts)
